Manifest v2 (#148)
YunoHost-Apps/borg_ynh: doc/PRE_UPGRADE.d/1.2.8.md

> This app has gone through a major revamp!
> 
> If you have multiple instances of this app, one upgrade will break all instances. You need to
> upgrade all apps. This is the last time it happens.
> 
> Also, developer aren't flawless and we might have missed something during our tests.
> Please, PLEASE, check in a few days that backups are being done properly.
> 
> If you want to manually check backups, run this:
> 
> ```bash
> systemctl start borg
> ```
> 
> Or, for a single app, for example Nextcloud:
> 
> ```bash
> sudo yunohost backup create --apps nextcloud --methods borg_app
> ```
> 
> If you find *any* issue or have a doubt, feel free to contact the devs on Github or Matrix.
> 
> Backups are important. In any case, check your backups regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app has gone through a major revamp!

The upgrade should be mainly transparent to you. However, if you have multiple instances of this app, one upgrade will break other instances and you'll need to upgrade every instance of borg installed on your server.

Also, developer aren't flawless and we might have missed something during our tests.

We **highly** recommend to check that your backups are still being created after the upgrade.

You can manually trigger borg backups from command line with:

```bash
systemctl start borg
```

Or, for a single app, for example Nextcloud:

```bash
sudo yunohost backup create --apps nextcloud --methods borg_app
```

If you find *any* issue or have a doubt, feel free to contact the YunoHost team on Github or Matrix.

Backups are important. In any case, check your backups regularly.
```
